By the way, Molly, this is Rongshi's new product launch event.
Why are you here?
I can't think of the second young master of Tang Sengrong's family
I actually know the small employees of our company
Ah Zi, we haven't seen each other for three years
So malicious to me
After all, what I hate the most is illegitimate children
Just like the blind man
Dirty shit
It seems that my brother doesn't welcome me very much today.
Xiao An
It's good to see you again.
Have time to eat together
OK
Are you familiar with Tenderness Xuan?
I met Mo Li three years ago in the travel room
Mr. Dragon, I swear
I really don't know which one he is.
Remember who you are now
Stay away from him
Hello, Mom?
Your brother is suffering from medical side effects
Now the liver is injured
Can you?
Transfer 100,000 dollars to me
Mom, don't cry
I'll transfer the money now.
Now ask him to marry him
I hope this 100,000 works
But when will this 300,000 run out?
Miss Joe took another 100,000 from Cary
Mrs. Liu said that she doesn't usually go shopping or spend money indiscriminately
Hey, where do you think she spent 300,000?
She won't secretly save it to her card.
It's a small thing.
As long as he is safe
I wouldn't mind giving him more
Ah, by the way, the second sister-in-law of the president is here.
Naming Sister Jojo
Wish him the best in jewelry designer
Hey
It turns out that the haute couture department appointed me to design a diamond necklace
Is the big customer you?
It's a gift for my girlfriend.
You misunderstood.
This is for my aunt.
It's his birthday next month
My mother died early
I said my uncle was scared
However, the position of girlfriend
I don't know if anyone is dealing with you
At the Rong family
Bastard children will be forced to go abroad
Brother Rong's half-brother Rong Xiuyuan
It's illegitimate
The day his mother gave birth to him
I want to ask how your mother passed away
I am the illegitimate child of the Rong family
You buried you
My bag is sent abroad.
I heard that when he gave birth to me
Accidents write everywhere in the world
Was it really an accident?
What's your trouble?
We don't look very good.
I'm fine, don't be too sad.
You must have a wife and children in the future
They are your most important people
It's not easy to meet someone who is truly in love
Joanne
Have you ever met someone you really like?
I have encountered
In Hoh Xil
But we can't have love
In fact, I am interested in you